docs: Add Implementing customization page to Guides (#2320)
GetJobber/atlantis: docs/guides/implementing-customization.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from "@storybook/addon-docs";
import { Banner } from "@jobber/components/Banner";

<Meta title="Guides/Implementing customization" />

# Implementing customization

> ## Pattern for implementing UNSAFE\_ props

Author: You're right, I was thinking ahead to composability info being added here. Removed 49ba776144219dc447d790eec3969e54845a44d4

When adding `UNSAFE_` props to a component, follow these guidelines:

> #### 1. Components have both `UNSAFE_className` & `UNSAFE_style`

Reviewer: Unless these are ordered steps to be followed, we don't need numbers

`UNSAFE_className` is for applying custom classes:

```tsx
UNSAFE_className={{ container: "custom-container-class" }}
```

`UNSAFE_style` is for inline custom styles:

```tsx
  UNSAFE_style={{
    container: { backgroundColor: "lightblue" },
    dismissButtonContainer: { paddingRight: "var(--space-larger)" },
    arrow: { paddingRight: "var(--space-extravagant)" },
  }}

> ```

Reviewer: If this was moved up to the intro, then the list could become 4 bullets

Author: Hmm, we have the table in there too though, as well as the last section about sub-components. I feel like the code examples and the table should live underneath each guideline.
Is it strange to have each guideline be a heading? I'm down to remove the numbers, but then we have something that looks like this. Is it off to you? Is it just because the second guideline doesn't have any details below it?

![Screenshot 2025-01-17 at 2 34 30 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cdfa1847-17bd-424b-8fb7-686757df178d)

> #### 2. Each component has a `container` type for the wrapping `<div>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2. Each component has a `container` type for the parent element
```

(because it might not always be a div)
